welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to tentatively re-enter the
modern dating scene with the film
audition if you enjoy living with all
your limbs intact subscribe to the
channel for tips on how to keep
doing that let's get to it
we open on a young lad bringing a
diorama of well wishes to his sick mommy
and we observe that he did such a
mediocre job that it results in her
untimely death
leaving his father ayoma to devote
himself to raising his son as a single
dad
flash forward seven years we find our
boys fishing on the beach
talking technique and ladies and just
generally keeping it real
ioma puts on a clinic bringing in the
biggest catch of the day
and it makes a fine dinner although
absolutely riddled with bones
shigeku explains the finer points of
this species and how it changes sex and
midlife then he casually drops a bomb
and suggests his dad get remarried a
simple conversation but ioma is
devastated
ioma then finishes up another successful
day at his company but on his way out an
employee with whom he previously had a
sexual tryst lets him know that she is
getting married and then patiently
awaits a jealous reaction
instead of finding a hobby he proceeds
to a bar where he engages with another
sad lonely businessman and i have to be
honest here
i'm devastated he discusses his troubles
with his friend yoshikawa and determines
the best course of action to inject joy
into his life
is to get wifed up you know to stay busy
he doesn't want one of those arranged
marriages for weirdos
although he does have a list of ideal
characteristics semi-young
talented professional just like his
prior wife without consideration
for his own desirability they arrive at
a natural conclusion
turns out yoshikawa is in the movie
industry so they leverage his
connections and resources to run a faux
audition call for a pilot episode
of a fake tv show to collect a stable of
ladies in the evening after ioma's
housekeeper leaves
he begins pouring over the various one
sheets that were submitted with about a
thousand to choose from he has to select
30 lucky
ladies to be put through for an
afternoon of invasive questioning
near certain failure and the privilege
of being leered at by their potential
future husband
this seems nearly impossible until he
happens upon a candidate with cherubic
features
a well-written composition with all the
right qualifications and just a bit of
crazy
as he reads the harrowing tale of this
fallen angel his heart swells
as does his crotch the auditions soon
begin and the men playfully scroll
through the ladies
asking strange questions and finding
their talents to be somewhat limited and
they eventually arrive at number 28 the
one daddy's been waiting for his whole
life
asami comes in demure and polite two top
tier characteristics
and her words are like honey to his ears
for the first time ioma pipes up
taking the reins from his experienced
friend and rather than asking pertinent
questions
he shares his thoughts and ideas about
who he thinks she is
they take a break where we confirm he's
already decided on her yoshikawa has
some bad vibes based on his professional
expertise however and recommends
proceeding with caution
at home he sees his son off and then
considers the advice he was given
wipes his ass with it and calls asami to
see if she's available to talk at
another time and location
as he gets all jazzed up about the date
she doesn't know she's going on
yoshikawa calls to inform him that her
work history is suspect her prior
claimed employer in the recording
industry can't be verified because he
disappeared a year ago
armed with this ioma brings this up at
their lunch date and she immediately
admits to the fabrications implying she
was trying to fake some clout in order
to improve
her chances at getting the role he
proves to be undeterred in his quest to
build her into the perfect woman in his
mind and much to his delight asami
requests another chat at a future date
if that's not too much to ask and his
next meeting with yoshikawa he confirms
he's good to go he doesn't even need to
observe his new treasure on set
because his mind is made yoshikawa warns
him about being hasty especially with a
seemingly perfect woman with a slippery
past but he contends that if you find a
perfect woman you gotta lock that down
plus he's a people person a true student
of life
and capable of managing this business he
still strongly suggests that ioma simmer
just a bit as he sleeps on this she
waits by the phone patiently and
obediently
and he does wait miserably barely
regarding his work mistresses asami
lives rent-free in his mind
cured of his desire for other women he
ponders the phone intently as she nearly
dies waiting and when the phone rings
she cracks a
perfectly innocent smile
and the bag moves when they meet again
she sinks the claws in deep
and after a few formalities he breaks
the news that the role she auditioned
for
no longer exists she takes this well
confirming that she's really just happy
she had a chance to meet him ioma's
heart sings as he feels he successfully
transitioned his situation without
looking like a total scumbag
on the cab ride home she signals her
willingness to hit the gas on this thing
with this confirmation he decides it's
now time to talk to his son about how
sometimes when a man gets overwhelmed by
loneliness he contrives an elaborate
scenario to trick a woman
into liking him soon they're often a
weekend excursion where ioma intends to
make an honest woman out of asami
while he nervously talks about museums
she gives him a look that leaves no real
question about what's going down
despite this he continues jabbering
about cheesecakes forcing his demure
porcelain doll to entice him further he
builds up his nerves and comes to bed
with the maximum amount of clothing
possible
she shows him her scars and then offers
herself to him for the low price of
absolute loyalty ioma wakes up
disoriented with the phone ringing it's
the front desk calling to see if he's
still staying
despite the fact that his partner left
which leaves him
gutted and she fully ghosted him leaving
so little front-end information behind
that our boys are relegated to holding
their dicks
despite this he's so compelled by the
idea of her that he decides
to continue his pursuit even going so
far as to declare his friendship with
yoshikawa toxic and cutting him out of
his life the only info he had was her
old ballet academy and part-time job he
starts at the ballet letting himself in
finding an old man in a wheelchair
playing piano so pretty normal he finds
ioma's interest in nasami laughable
offering nothing more than cryptic
implications
through flashback we see he was the one
who administered her leg scars
and he also has some pretty sweet bear
prosthetics
next is the bar she indicated she worked
at a helpful neighbor wanders by and
advises that it's been closed about a
year now after the owner was murdered
we learned the owner had been associated
with some sort of music studio executive
and drugs were suspected in the foul
play
funny thing though the lady was chopped
up but the police found some additional
fingers
and an ear isn't that silly while he's
doing this we see the housekeeper
leaving for the night and then a lurker
enters and navigates the house
it then turns from day to night and
nioma returns home fixing himself a
stiff drink
he ponders how he got to this point
wishing his feral butterfly would return
to him but then he gets the brain
tingles and begins to fall back
as he does so we cycle back to their
follow-up date and learn more about her
turbulent childhood she was raised by
her dirty uncle and his wife and they
were abusive to her
dance training was her only respite from
the terror of everyday life she was
eventually sent back to live with her
mom but her disabled stepfather took out
his resentments on her ioma is
confronted in the dream by his dead wife
who is disturbed by asami's presence
he then in her apartment where she
voraciously unpacks his package
but she transforms into his work
mistress after apologizing she turns
into his son's girlfriend who he turns
away from tripping over the bag
he attempts to investigate it timidly
with his foot but that turns out to be a
humble brag as the contents reveal
itself to be some sort of partially
dismembered man
the mane is absolutely thrilled for the
opportunity to dive into his meal of
pre-masticated slop and forms are
switched again
indicating this is asamiya's stepfather
her other abuser then hobbles in on his
fakies and we learn that her life-saving
dance training was actually administered
by her uncle and was a form of torture
for her and then ioma walks in on piano
man as zasami unspools some razor wire
and very tenderly and lovingly
garrotes him into a state of ecstasy
then his brain unpacks all the choices
that led him here as he hits the ground
whatever drug he's on leaves him
conscious blessing him with the
privilege of witnessing his beloved
asami
coldly prepare for phase three the
enjoyment of incalculable suffering
as she works we learn this is revenge
for general casting couch practices that
involve taking advantage of young girls
even though this was his first time and
it wasn't even a real casting couch he
was just going to give her as gift
with his body now prepped she begins to
delicately insert long needles into him
while singing sweetly
now i have to say it's very pleasing she
then discusses torturing his son and the
importance of male loyalty while
prepping his feet for removal
she takes a great deal of pleasure in
her work while her dirty uncle jerks his
pud
but she's interrupted when shigeku comes
home iom is forced to watch in horror as
she pounces on him
but then he wakes up in hotel where they
first made love she accepts his proposal
but that was a lifetime ago for him and
he's kind of moved on emotionally
but turns out that dream was the dream
and this dream is actually reality as
shigeku gets chased around with a
numbing mist
only by happenstances he managed to
donkey kick her wisp-like body down the
stairs
breaking her neck i almost left to stare
at her as his dumb-ass son
asks a dumbass question
and as the police are called she at
least apologizes to him
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
i'd like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of head shots
[Music]
well audition certainly keeps the pace
going if you haven't caught this movie
yet you should see it like most of the
other asian films we've reviewed this
one is layered and nuanced
it's more like i saw the devil and that
it's unwavering in its brutality and
foregoes the humorous elements
also the brutality is well earned and
not overbearing at all it's more of a
slow build to an explosive outburst
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching